Runner improvements (#242)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/self-hosted-runners.md

`cml send-comment` from a job, the only requirement is to
[have CML installed](/doc/install).

> ## Accessing DVC remotes on your CML cloud runner

Reviewer: maybe move to `/content/docs/cml-with-dvc.md` & cross-reference here?

</tab>
</toggle>

> ## Cloud Compute Resource Credentials

Reviewer: not sure about this change - better to keep under `Environment Variables` umbrella?

Author: with this tweak they show up in the sidebar and, I felt they were independent enough to warrant that:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1105843/171197845-749ede63-713b-4d7a-9f03-8b0e2b25e5dd.png)
But I don't have strong feelings so I can change it back if you still want it under the `Envionment Variables`

</tab>
</toggle>

## Cloud Compute Resource Credentials

> Note that you will also need to provide access credentials to your compute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you will also need to provide access credentials of your compute
```

</tab>
</toggle>

> ## On-premise (Local) Runners

Reviewer: ditto - better to keep under `Environment Variables` umbrella?

☝️ **Note** The same credentials can also be used for
[configuring cloud storage](/doc/cml-with-dvc#cloud-storage-provider-credentials).

> **Example:** IAM permissions needed for `cml runner`:

Reviewer: low-level enough to be moved to `/content/docs/ref/runner.md` & cross-referenced?

[GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/security-hardening-for-github-actions#hardening-for-self-hosted-runners)
and [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/security) documentation for
additional guidance.

> ## Debugging 

Reviewer: kinda overlaps with the FAQs in /ref/runner - wdyt?

My general feeling:

- /ref/runner: low level reference (list of options & full explanation of their arguments)
- /self-hosted-runners: high-level guide (with only necessary low-level details required to be a self-contained tutorial)

Reviewer: kewl, let's add a debuggin link at the bottom of `/ref/runner` linking to this page then :)

> ## Debugging 

Reviewer: Also... could mention `env: TF_LOG_PROVIDER: DEBUG` too potentially?

> For issues creating the `cml runner` instance you can provide an environment variable `TF_LOG_PROVIDER=DEBUG` as terraform is used internally to create the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `cml runner` fails with a terraform error message, setting the environment variable `TF_LOG_PROVIDER=DEBUG` may yield more information.
```
